hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a fantasy comedy-drama film: "Heart and Souls"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in San Francisco, 1959, a pregnant mother is going to deliver her baby soon
so her husband sends her to the hospital by car
at the same time, four different strangers are living their ordinary lifes in San Francisco
here is a single mom (Mom) singing a song to her children before leaving for work
at the theatre, a would-be opera singer (Singer) fails his audition
because of nervousness, and again ruins the hiring opportunity
the third person is a waitress (Waitress) who works in a bar
but pierces her boyfriend's heart right then
as she hesitates and finally rejects his wedding proposal
she wants to change her mind later
but only to find her heartbroken boyfriend has left the bar
lastly, a burglar (Burglar) is paid to con a set of old and precious stamps
which a naive boy inherits from his grandfather
condemned by his own conscience, he wants to steal the stamps back from the client
and return them to the boy
unfortunately, the client notices him, so he escapes the house as quickly as possible
since he fails to retrieve the stamps, the boy calls him a bastard in disappointment
frustrated, he stops a green trolleybus that passes by late at night
on the bus, he meets Mom who is rushing to work, Singer who backs out his audition
and Waitress who wants to patch back with her boyfriend
at this time, the bus driver (Driver) is distracted by an attractive girl in another car
and accidentally drives the trolley bus off the overpass
sometime later, the four passengers crawl out from the trolleybus
only to realize that they are already killed in the car accident
the pregnant mother and her husband are also nearby
pulling over on the roadside to avoid the collision
surprisingly, their son Thomas is born in the car right at that time
among those onboard, Driver has ascended to heaven
while the four passengers are called back halfway to attach to the newborn fat baby
for some unknown divine reasons, the four of them are tasked to accompany
and look after the fat baby
the baby Thomas can see them and often talk to them, but no one else can
therefore, his such behaviors look really strange in his parents' eyes
years later, as he enters school
the way he chats with the four invisible ghosts often puts him under the spotlight
soon, Thomas gets into trouble as he cheats money for horse betting, instigated by Burglar
this case even brings the Child Protection officer to his parents
Thoma's father decides to send Thomas to a psychiatric center for rehabilitation
so as to prevent Thomas from more pains and harms
the four friends decide to disappear from Thomas' life
even with Thomas begging them to stay with him, they are determined to go
traumatized by their departure, Thomas only manages to pull through it
by years of psychological treatment
years later, Thomas has grown into a heartless vice president of a renowned bank
he hates to make or maintain connections with any people around him
even though he has a smooth sailing in career, his hormone relationship is in a total mess
he refuses to go any further with his long-time girlfriend Anna
when Anna invites him to meet her parents, Thomas intends to reject her
Thomas' unreasonable reactions make the four ghosts worry
just when they debate about what is right for Thomas' life
a green trolleybus passes through the wall and stops right before them
actually, this trolleybus is to transport ghosts to their next life
to their surprise, Driver alights from the bus to greet them
in fact, to redeem his own sins of carelessly ending four innocent lives
Driver needs to repeat this task for 500 years
the four former passengers also learn that as they die accidentally
they should have the privilege of completing one unfinished business
sadly the angel in charge of such matters does not inform them
so they are kept waiting in vain
the quartet is angry about losing the precious opportunity
so that they continue to complain and grumble
Driver finally allows them to fulfill their last wish before boarding the bus
everyone is thrilled for such a golden opportunity except Singer
at once, they return to Thomas and make all kinds of stunts to grab his attention
their persistence finally earns the overreaction of Thomas
in shock, he loses control of his car and crashes it into the side of the road
when Thomas regains his consciousness, he quickly recognizes them as his old friends
but having been through countless sessions of psychotherapy
he cannot believe their existence is real
coincidentally they chance upon a schizophrenic patient who is a medium for spirits
her testimony reaffirms Thomas that he is not hallucinating
moreover, Thomas discovers that the four ghosts have never left him
but seen him through the ups and downs all these years
he feels very irritated for having no personal space with the four of them around
hence, he refuses to help them with their last wish
soon, Thomas is discharged from hospital and returns to his piles of work
but the quartet does not let him go easily
instead, they follow him wherever he goes and even disturbs him during his meeting
Waitress first enters Thomas' body to taste the joy of being alive
she dances around with Thomas' body, making him look totally female-hormone charming
Thomas' colleagues can't bear to see him turning so weird
as Waitress takes her leave, Burglar immediately takes over
under Burglar's control, Thomas begins to flirt with the deputy director of finance
knowing his career will be doomed, Thomas starts to fight against the Burglar
and manages to drive Burglar off his body
in exchange for his peace, Thomas gives in to the four of them
and agrees to help them rectify their unfinished lives
Burglary cannot wait to retrieve the stamps for the boy
he brings the rest to the client's residence and glues his spirit to Thomas
while the client is taking a shower, Thomas swiftly grabs the stamps
however, when he is about to leave, a black hound suddenly darts out
in terror, all of them flee to the second floor
while Thomas manages to escape the aggressive hound
he is faced with the client who just walks out of the bathroom
but Burglar who lives within Thomas, remains absolutely composed
and even reprimands the client for robbing the stamps
before the client realizes what is happening
Burglar breaks out from the window with the stamps
to his shock, previously, he could easily jump over to the adjacent building
but now that building is demolished
he fumbles a little but lands on the lawn safely
due to his illegal parking, he is dealt with a traffic police
who finds Thomas to be in arrears for a high parking fee
though Thomas wants Burglar to keep silent, Burglar hails insults and curses at the police
which gets Thomas arrested in the end
after settling the payment, Thomas is reminded of his date with Anna
Anna is agitated for Thomas' lateness at first
but soon, she accepts Thomas' sincere apologies
following the date, Thomas visits the stamps' true owner
and returns the $100,000 worth item to him
the boy, who is now a father, is overjoyed to see the stamp again
everyone rejoices to see Burglar's wish come true
while they are celebrating, there comes the green trolleybus to fetch Burglar
Burglar wants to spend more time with his friends
but he is drawn into the bus by an unknown force
he bids farewell to Thomas and prepares for the next phase of his life
the second mission is to find Mom's three children
back then, when the single mom passes away
her three children are adopted by three different families
but the details for adoption are kept highly confidential
clueless, they have no choice but to visit Mom's previous house
over there, Mom discovers that her good friend just stays nearby
Thomas then visits the friend on her behalf
and is told that Mom's two daughters are adopted by the same family
but her youngest son's location remains unclear
considering that her daughters might have some ideas about where their brother is
they move to meet the daughters
however, a heavy traffic jam jeopardizes their plan
due to such unforeseeable inconvenience, Mom volunteers to give priority to Singer's wish
since the show tickets are sold out at the theatre
Thomas sneaks in by seducing the security guard with the spirit of the charming Waitress
however, no matter how prepared he is, Singer cannot overcome his stage fright to sing
in order to get rid of Singer's fear, Thomas asks all the audience to stand up
and sing the national anthem together with Singer
owing to the encouragement of Thomas and the audience, Singer makes his debut
his soothing heavenly voice calms down the audience
moved by his beautiful singing, the jazz musician goes the extra mile to accompany him by guitar
their wonderful performance creates great excitement among the audience
right at this time, the green trolleybus stops on the stage
implying that it is time for Singer to go
Singer happily says goodbye to his ghost friends
and extends his appreciation to Thomas before embarking on a brand new journey
unfortunately, Thomas is arrested for disrupting the stage performance
at the police station, he again meets the same officer who claims payment from him
after Thomas is bailed out, he bumps into Anna outside the police station
actually, Anna is among the theatre audience to witness Thomas' performance
she is quite upset that Thomas has lied to her
the two have a fierce argument, and Anna leaves in a fury
as time is pressing to resolve issues for Mom and Waitress
Thomas decides to appease Anna later
the sad thing is his car crashes with the policeman's car when he tries to back it
adding to the tension, they see the green trolley coming in their direction
to give Mon the luxury of time to see her beloved children
Waitress is willing to go first
on the other hand, the policeman hugs his daughter and sings her the nursery rhymes
Mom is struck by his singing, for it is the very song Mom composed for her youngest child
urged by Mom, Thomas calls the policeman by his name and informs him about his late mother
despite much confusion, the policeman acknowledges that he calls the right name
to gain his trust, Thomas reveals the residential address of his two sisters
the policeman is unaware that his late mother is standing right beside him
and feels so proud of her son
seeing her son's career and family success
Mom goes into Thomas' body to gives her son a goodbye hug
fulfilling her last wish, Mom boards the green trolleybus in contentment
in order to resolve the misunderstanding of Waitress' boyfriend
Thomas writes a letter in imitation of Waitress' handwriting and plans to speak with him
but the green trolleybus appears again, warning them that time is short
to finish the task, Thomas races against time to the destination
but the trolleybus arrives at the farm ahead of them
Thomas persuades Driver to spare them a little more time
once permission is granted
Thomas hastens to approach the farm owner to inquire about Waitress' boyfriend
to their dismay, her boyfriend just died of an illness seven years ago
watching Thomas arguing with Driver
Waitress is reminded that Thomas and his girlfriend are making the same mistake as she did
she then realizes her true mission should be helping Thomas earn his true love
such a realization frees her from her guilt
and Waitress sincerely asks Thomas to cherish Anna
owing to her earnest prayers, God grants her a favor to hug Thomas physically
thanks to Waitress' friendly advice, Thomas decides to have a heart talk with Anna
he plucks up his courage to tell Anna why he rejects her
as Anna loves him, she forgives him from the bottom of her heart
the two finally live happily together and prepare to restore their hormonity
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out